then we did have a bit of luck there's
one here hanging upside down in profile
on the right its feet with their
adhesive pads on the end of the toes
were flattened so much that they seemed
to melt into the bark and the whole
animal pressed itself so closely to the
tree that it was almost
indistinguishable from it even the
outline of its eye was broken up with a
fringe this little creature terrifies
most Madagascar's they believe it to be
extremely dangerous so they say it has
such a powerful evil spirit but if you
merely brush up against one accidentally
the only way you can rid yourself of its
taint and prevent the dreadful
consequences of touching it is to cut
the part of your body which it is
contaminated and so wash away the evil
with blood I suppose the very perfection
of its camouflage making it well nigh
invisible is partly responsible for its
eerie reputation it achieves this
invisibility by using the same device as
was used during the war to camouflage
gun sights and bomb dumps you can paint
a building the colour of its
surroundings but it will still be
obvious for it casts a telltale shadow
the way to obliterate the shadow is to
put a drape round the sides and this is
just what the Gecko does not only does
it have an irregular frill around its
chin but their flaps of skin down its
flanks and even its tail has fleshy
growths on the side of it which
prevented casting any shadows